Change certificate PEM files to PEM format (#13716)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/ciphersuites/README.rst

The sample connects to ``www.example.com``, which requires an X.509 certificate.

> This certificate is provided in the :file:`samples/cellular/https_client/cert` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This certificate is provided in the :file:`samples/cellular/ciphersuites/cert` folder.
```

> It is automatically converted to a hex file in :file:`CMakeLists.txt`.
> This hex file is included in :file:`main.c` where it is provisioned to the modem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is automatically converted to a hex file in :file:`CMakeLists.txt`.
This hex file is included in :file:`main.c`, where it is provisioned to the modem.
```
